This is to see the person below.
So you've got to reduce the swelling.
It's too serious.
Go, go!
OK, then you go to bed early.
Go, go.
I'll have the teacher get your secretary.
This meeting is very important.
If the school card is damaged
They will be removed from the story.
Then control an opportunity.
Please give
Trouble gives way to trouble.
Here, this is an important company document.
Now it's all ruined.
It's done.
It's not time to print now.
Living in Mandarin is still a very important cooperation meeting.
Are you responsible for the meeting?
I'll explain to General Manager Gu, what the hell are you, what are you doing there?
Director General Gu, if you don't damage the documents, you're still here pretending to be pitiful.
I don't understand.